TI has discontiuned the MSP432 line of Launchpad, and a lot of the information they had on the launchpad site is gone. Here is what little I learned while trying to get the RSLK robot kit to work.

Energia IDE hasn't been updated in quite awhile either, the current version does still work with Linux Mint 21.3 - (I of course didn't try the Windows or Mac versions).  It doesn't work with Linux Mint 22.
So moving forward will break it.
Fortuntally, they did make a board core that is compatiable with Arduino.
Unfortunally I could only find information about the core from people who made an attempt to preserve it.

This is very good information about the core and how to install it in the Arduino IDE.
https://github.com/Andy4495/TI_Platform_Cores_For_Arduino

That is only half the battle, Unfortunally the uploader requires python2.7 - which the current version of Linux Mint doesn't provide.

The good news is the creator of the above core pointed me to the TI UNIFLASH tool.

https://www.ti.com/tool/UNIFLASH
https://github.com/Andy4495/TI_Platform_Cores_For_Arduino/issues/6

This gave me an error while installing, but did work. The only way I got it to work was to export the compiled sketch from the Arduino IDE and upload it using the Uniflash tool.  There is a stand-alone uniflash tool, but I couldn't figure out how to get it to work. 

PlatformIO had the same problem as the Arduino IDE - and needed python2.7 to upload compiled programs.
Uniflash also worked for it, thou there where a couple of extra steps because the compiled binary is hidden.

NOTES About Energia IDE -
ONLY the red MSP432 boards are supported, I tried my original black board with it, and bricked the board.
SO only try it with the new red boards.

NOTES About Uniflash -
Uniflash supports a lot of different TI boards, but it failed to update my MSP430 boards. 
It also could not recover the black MSP432 board.
(I did try to recover the failed updates of the MSP430 using an old version of Energia, no luck)
SO Be aware, while I haven't had problems with the RED MSP432 board (at least yet), this is far from an ideal setup. And bound to have problems.

I am mostly interested in the RSLK robot, I've included what I have found in the 2024 information directory. 

------

Arduino Libraries?

I attempted to get an I2C 1602 LCD to work, and an I2C OLED - The library for the LCD did compile and everything looked like it might work, but, no luck, I got nothing on the display.
The I2C OLED library didn't compile at all, and gave too many errors to be helpful.

I tried to find some libraries that might work, but had limited luck.
I did find this repository with some examples for the MSP432 boards, that might be helpful for something.

This is also where I found the pdf for the MSP432 board.

https://github.com/jminjares4/MSP432-Example-Codes/

These are pure C code, so I'm sure some changes would need to be made for the Arduino IDE, but it is something.

-----

I've added Some of the demo/example code from the RSLK examples included with the MSP432 Core in the Arduino directory.

I looked at the old Energia Code included in this repository, and found a driver for the Nokia 5110 display (I thought I had this working, but I thought I had a Launchpad shield with a Nokia 5110 display on it.) Nope, it was just a loose Nokia 5110.  This display and driver worked, so me trying to advoid using SPI displays - was a failure. And I went with what worked.
No changes to the code were needed, and I've included the Arduino code in the Arduino directory.


----------

Today Aug 26, 2024
I found a OLED driver that works (more or less) - the big issue I had was sometimes I need to power the board from robot power to get the OLED to work. Sometimes I didn't need to, very strange.
The robots default I2C port is pin 9 (SCL) and pin 10 (SDA) - I can't figure out if this is a hardware I2C or software I2C. The place where I found this has it listed for the MSP430 board.
(And I guess on that board pin 9 and 10 are software I2C?)
https://www.electronicwings.com/ti-launchpad/oled-graphic-display-interfacing-with-msp-exp430g2-ti-launchpad
The sketch was written for Energia, but it works just fine with Arduino.
(Note: I had to sign up to download the file, I don't like this tactic and deleted my "account" as soon as I did down it.) 
A slightly modified very is included in the Arduino directory

